Minutes of Meeting: Bob, Elif,  Dylan
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Date:       5 Sept 2018
Start time: 11.00
End time:   12.30

Date and time of next meeting: Visible Lunches, 12 Sept 11.00 


Topics Discussed: 
	--  IMAC Desk Arm

Progress:
	-- Shirts finally finished
	-- Male and female distribution graph for data vis exam 2018
	-- Meeting with Ronald
	-- Summary of paper by Borner et al.	
	-- Resit exams copied and sorted
	-- A1  pruned for treemap and sorted
	-- Gender of students identified
	-- Meta-data added to on-mouse-over in tree view
	-- Colormap choice added

TODO:
	-- Hold onto extra boxes for moving
	-- Prepare name badges for CGVC (Thanks Liam)
	-- Prepare a registration spreadsheet: Surname, first name, affiliaton(Thanks Liam)
	-- Add Frank Vidal, Gary Tam, Martion Turner (Keynote Speaker), 
           Capstone Speaker to registiration spreadsheet
	-- Confirm 40 with Patti Raj
	-- Next paper summary
	-- Identify males vs females on 2018 test, A1s and resits
	-- How many students included treemap in A1
	-- Propose an assessment sheet for A1 Treemap
	-- Distribution graph, male vs female for A1, A2 of data vis class 2018
	-- Update color legend on canvas
	-- Add thumbnail view to colormap in drop down menu
	-- Add US region to treemap
	